oh my god the 49ers just what can you
say down 17 nothin they they battled
back and I Mara this was amazing this
was an absolutely amazing game I don't
even know what to say it's just so
awesome oh oh for now as you go into the
but they're going to assume that in get
in case you missed it for hours one of
the super wall down 17 nothing they
pulled it out Colin Kaepernick showed
you why he is the man Oh Jim Harbaugh
showed you why he is the man and you
know it wasn't pretty early the defense
had to stiffen up but they pulled it out
I mean really this game you know this
was an old-school 49ers game everybody's
talking about Colin Kaepernick and he
had a humongous game but Frank Gore and
Vernon Davis just what can you say they
just absolutely dominated this game and
it's only fitting that the 49ers going
to the Super Bowl because of Frank Gore
in Vernon Davis the defense stepped up
late but I don't know what else to say
it's Frank Moore vernon davis frank gore
for divers did not give up on the run
even when they were down 17 nothing even
though when they were down to 24 14 they
did not give up on the run and and
Francoeur took care of business he gave
that it this is why is the all-time
leading rusher as our boys that every
day should be saturday said this is a
man whose knees are made of duct tape
and he took care of business and vernon
davis stepped everything about this was
fantastic 14 hours you're going to the
Super Bowl there 5 and 0 in super bowl
games and time to make it 60 no I just
what else I got to say Oh we'll be here
all week long with all two weeks long
with plenty of content I will be down in
New Orleans and
is going to be a good time so we'll see
it what we will see you in New Orleans
make sure and check back youtube.com
slash SBN niners nation because we will
be here for the next two weeks a whole
lot